in those days Hezekiah was sick and near
death and Isaiah the prophet the son of
Amos went to him and said to him thus
says the Lord set your house in order
for you shall die and not live when
Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall
and pray to the Lord remember now O Lord
I pray how I have walked before you in
truth loyal heart and have done what is
good in your sight and Hezekiah wept
bitterly and the word of the Lord came
to Isaiah go and tell Hezekiah thus says
the Lord the God of David your father I
have heard your prayer I have seen your
tears surely I will add to your days 15
years I will deliver you and the city
from the hand of the king of Assyria and
I will defend this city and this is the
sign to you from the Lord that the Lord
will do this thing which he has spoken
behold I will bring the shadow on the
sundial which has gone down with the Sun
on the sundial of Ahaz 10 degrees
backward so the Sun returned ten degrees
on the dial by which it had gone down
this is the writing of Hezekiah king of
Judah when he had been sick and had
recovered from his sickness I said in
the prime of my life I shall go to the
gates of shield
I am deprived of the remainder of my
ears I said I shall not see yah the Lord
in the land of the living
I shall observe man no more among the
inhabitants of the world my lifespan is
gone taken from me like a shepherd's
tent I have cut off my life like a
weaver he cuts me off from the loom from
day until night you make an end of me I
have considered until morning like a
lion so he breaks all my bones from day
until night you make an end of me like a
crane or a swallow so I shattered I
mourned like a dove my eyes fail from
looking upward ho Lord I am oppressed
undertake for me
what should I say he has both spoken to
me and he himself has done it I shall
walk carefully all my years in the
bitterness of my soul Oh Lord by these
things men live and in all these things
is the life of my spirit so you will
restore me and make me live indeed it
was for my own peace that I had great
bitterness but you have lovingly
delivered my soul from the pit of
corruption for you have cast all my sins
behind your back for she all cannot
thank you
death cannot praise you those who go
down to the pit cannot hope for your
truth the living the living man he shall
praise you as I do this day the father
shall make known your truth to the
children the Lord was ready to save me
therefore we will sing my songs with
stringed instruments all the days of our
life in the house of the Lord now Isaiah
had said let them take a lump of figs
and apply it as a poultice on the boil
and he shall recover
and Hezekiah had said what is the sign
that I shall go up to the house of the
Lord